Ah, what’s happening?
I must have been out of my mind.
I should have pushed him away immediately.
Your Majesty.
Ah.
From now on, all matters of the harem will be decided by you.
What?
Your Majesty, isn’t this against propriety?
The harem already has the Empress Dowager and Consort Yan.
I am merely a new consort.
Please reconsider, Your Majesty.
It’s only a matter of time.
So it’s settled. I will speak to the Empress Dowager about this.
As for Consort Yan,
don’t worry about her.
It’s only a matter of time.
What do you mean?
The Emperor no longer favors Consort Yan.
They must have really had a fight.
I still have state affairs to attend to.
Rest well.
I’ll come back to see you later.
I’m most familiar with handling state affairs.
But the Emperor’s attitude
is really hard to figure out.
Chief Steward Li, Consort Rong is strong-willed.
Stay and assist her.
If there are any troubles you can’t resolve, come to me.
Yes.
The world of the harem,
is about to change.
Hahahahahaha.
Consort, handle all the grievances of the minor consorts.
Next month is the Empress Dowager’s birthday banquet.
You can start preparing early.
One month later.
Go.
To Cuixin Lake.